DISCOVER YOUR NEW HOME

-------------------------------

AFFORDABLE, SUSTAINABLE HOUSING

Founded in London in 1985, Spring Fields was born out of its founders' desire to create a condo that would feel like "a city within a city", with a heavy focus on sustainability. Throughout our growth, we've stayed committed to upholding the same principles our company was founded on: providing residents with affordable, sustainable, petfriendly and secure housing with the same standard of care of the much more expensive luxury housing segment.

To make all that possible, all our apartments are built into a single big area thruoughout its numerous 12 story buildings that are spread out in between parks, gardens and recreational areas. At the forefront of it all, Spring Fields also counts on a small mall where its residents and visitors can find all sorts of ammenities like a food court, drugstore, supermarket, offices for dentists and optometrists and a discount store.

-------------------------------

WHY RENT WITH US

Here at the Spring Fields we're always at our tenants disposal, ready treat each and everyone who either rents or bought one of our apartments with care and professionalism beyond the market standards for this segments. Our clients are regarded as partners whose opinions and needs should be prioritized above all else.

All of it is made possible by our ever-evolving infra-structure, as well as our skilled team of real estate agents who are always ready to go above and beyond to guarantee the best deals and support for you.

-------------------------------

FIND US

Both our main office and the residential complex are located at 551 Oxford St W, conveniently close to downtown, while at the same time far enough to guarantee the peace and quiet that is so precious to many of our tenants and buyers.

You do not need to set up an appointment to visit our offices, but we advise you to so in order to guarantee the availability of our real estate agents at the time of your visit.

Our working hours are from 9:00AM to 5:00PM on business days and from 10:00AM to 3:00PM on saturdays.
